Initial Impression:  You tirely walk to the local park. You notice a young, handsome, buff man talking to your grandma. Response?

Storyline:  
Choice:
Interrupt their conversation to say hi to him
Grandma “Uh… hello? We were talking here!”
Wait patiently for them to end before saying hi
They end up talking for a couple hours before they stop
 Enter into the conversation naturally, ‘Oh hey granny! What happened to grandpa!’
Grandma ‘Oh him? His name is Hume, and we were just talking about earthquakes.’
Push him aside to talk to your grandma (Choose another place)

After observing H. and your grandma for a while, you start to get ancy.
Pull out your AirPods and listen to ‘Stacy’s Mom’ by Fountains of Wayne
Grandma looks at you, ‘Good thing you aren’t a teeny bopper H.’
Take out your phone and start to record your grandma being a pleb
H. starts to pose for the camera
Say ‘Oh hey grandma! Who’s this male you’re talking to?’
H. replies for her ‘Just a neighbor looking out for people!’
Start to clear your throat ‘What’s going on here?’
Grandma ignores you, ‘nothing much’

H. introduces himself “Hail. Name’s Hume, starts with a H and ends with an E. I was taking my usual daily new jogging route when I saw your granda, and she seemed to… happy… so I wanted to chat with her.
‘Geezus you’re creepy’
H. smiles, ‘I’m friendly’
‘Usual daily new jogging route?’
Ya, I have a hard time trying to keep a set route, so I change it up. Daily.
‘How sweet of you for thinking about me mama’s mama!’
H. smiles ‘Ya, it’s no problem! Keeping elderly company is my duty!’
‘Wow, I wish I was as interactive as you.’
H. smiles, ‘It’s not hard, just need some motivation to meet people!’

H. asks ‘Care to join me on my adventure?’
‘Fuck off psychopath’
H. frowns, ‘just trying to be friendly…’
‘Count me in!’
H. grins ‘Alright follow me!’
‘Sounds interesting… Can I join you tomorrow?’
H smiles, ‘I’ll hold you to it!’
‘Tempting, but I’ll pass.’
H frowns, ‘Suit yourself, guess granny and me are going.’

You join H. on his jog as he starts saluting to everyone he sees, but he starts to suddenly ignore you, what will you do?
‘Hey H. why do you salute to every person we pass?’
‘Who are you?’
‘How you feeling H.?’
‘Fine… who are you?’
‘Umm H.?’
‘Umm do I know you?
‘Yo H. wanna take a break at that Taco Bell?’
‘What is that and who are you?!’

H. responds confused. What will you do now?
‘Wh-? Bu- We- I- U- gra-  What da ya mean?’
H. looks solemnly, ‘Look. I’m just jogging here. If you want, you can join me.’
‘I’m your gf! You said we were going to Prom together and you were going to buy the TICKETS!’
H. looks shocked, ‘Shoot! Did i forget?! Sorry about that, I’ll make it up to you!’
Slip your card into his pants
H. looks more confused
Walk away while slouching
H. shrugs and jogs off

