Initial Impression:  After feeling guilty for being useless and trying to find a date, you go to the soup kitchen to help those in need. As you walk in, you look for an official to allow you to volunteer. The first person you notice is a bro handing out cabbage soup. What do you do?

Storyline:  
Choice:
Approach him and ask ‘Is there anyway I can help?’
Si. “Yes, of course. We would love more help”
Ask for some food
Si. “Uh… you aren’t homeless”
Talk to the local homeless
Si. “excuse me, can i help you?”
Leave

Si. says ‘We’re handing out soup already, so there’s not much do now.’
‘That’s fine, is there like a project that you’re working on that I can help over time?
‘Well, shit. I’m outtie!’
‘I would like to talk to speak to your manager.’
‘Ahh man, it’s there still a way I can help?’

Si. quietly contemplates as he passes out soup. After passing out all the soup, he stares at you and says, ‘Ya, so, you’re new, and I don’t know if your up for it, but there is a meeting with the staff in a few minutes. Would you be willing to stay and hear about some opportunities?’
‘All in. No Fear.’
‘Waste of time. I’m outtie.’
‘Sounds good! Can I hang out with you as we wait?’
‘Hmmm. Sounds interesting. Let me ask my parents if I can stay a bit longer.’(leaves)

Si. nods approvingly. What do you do?
Ask “I’m a female looking a masculine male mate for prom. Do you comply?’
Point at some workers and ask ‘Who are they?’
Ask ‘Can I help wash some of those pots you used?’
Look at some homeless and quote, ‘Pitiful heartless. Mindlessly collecting hearts…’

After chatting a while, you guys head to the a circle of chairs, where there are many people chatting.
Continue chatting with Si.
Go confront another group of people
Sit down and wait patiently
 Holler ‘HAIL my dudes! Name’s (name) and I’m NEW! Nice you meet yall!’

The ruler of the realm, manager of the soup kitchen, mentions that they plan to brighten up the soup kitchen with light colors and positive pictures. She then asks for volunteers.
Raise your hand
Abstain
Glance at Si.
Stand proudly and proclaim, ‘I, (name), shall arrive here daily, in order to create a world of PEACE and HAPPINESS for the scum that roam our streets!’

You end up helping Si. out for a bit before you go.  As you pass out food, you decide to strike up a conversation.
‘What’s your favorite part about helping?’
‘Man. This is great! How often do you come here?’
‘Pathetic. Helping people that can’t help themselves.’
‘This is hard work! When do we get a break?

After getting to know Si., you realize it’s time for dad’s waffle wednesday dinner.
‘Aw man, I gotta go, I’ll cya tomorrow k?’
Si smiles, ‘Ya sure, I’m excited to start painting!’
‘Thank gawd. I need to go so can I go?’
Si wryly smiles, ‘umm sure, go ahead.’
‘Here’s my card. I’ll call you.’
Si blushes, ‘Ya. sounds good!’
‘I had a fun time, can I get your number so we can catch up later?
Si smiles, ‘Sure, want anything else as well?’ NO means NO!
